1. State of Morals and Religion.

	"The manner in which Sunday is spent," observes Dr. W., "will appear extraordinary, and very contradictory to the duties inculcated on that day.  A great market is kept by the Negroes, which is, in truth, also a market for the Whites.  The merchants attend at their stores and counting houses."  (Vol.i. p.42.)
	"The sacred observance of Sunday appears to me," he says, "necessary, if we expect any good effect from the commands of God.  In countries where the duties of that day are becomingly attended to, a greater proportion of virtue, &c. is to be observed.  On the contrary, where the Sabbath is violated, the manners of the mass of the people are vicious, regardless of every commendable principle, and afford examples of human depravity which, it is with reluctance I must say, is too applicable to that country (Jamaica).  It is much to be wished, that the fourth commandment were more fully taken into consideration.  It seems <i>possible</i> to do away <i>Sunday markets, and cultivating the ground.  Sugar-mills should not be at work on that day</i>, indeed, no labour allowed.  It was appointed, by Divine authority, to be a day of rest and devotion, in which no work should be performed."  (Vol.i. p.108.)
	"It must be admitted," he goes on to remark, "that the means of religious instruction to Negroes, in Jamaica, are yet extremely defective; and, it is still more painful to add, that the White inhabitants are culpably inattentive to public religious duties.  It were well if that were all.  <i>Contempt for religion is openly avowed by a great proportion of those to be met with in that country.</i>"  (Vol.i. p.328.)
	"The propriety of matrimony," he tells us, "is seldom impressed on the minds of the Negroes, by the clergy or any other White persons.  Indeed, the latter, themselves, shew the example of a libidinous course of life, and follow that promiscuous intercourse which can scarcely be justified in savages."  (Vol.i. p.329)
	"At our parish-church, the people of Colour behaved themselves with the greatest propriety, but the Whit persons conducted themselves with great indecency."